Just a shrew like you
Dare to impersonate our president's wife
You see what a joke
Get out of here or I'll call the police and you'll have a good meal
Secretary Yang, what's the situation?
Miss Bai, you just returned to China and don't know yet.
It is said that this crazy woman named Su Yaruo
It was taken by Madam Shen
Named to make him feel happy as Mr. Shen
What a fart
But then?
Mr. Shen rejected this marriage
Even the dowry has been withdrawn
Just like him
Also worthy of standing next to Amo
Just laugh
Yeah who doesn't know
Miss Bai, you and Shen are a match made in heaven
Does it match?
I'm back home.
Let's have a meal together
I'm drugging my wife. I don't have time
What's wrong with me?
Didn't I tell you to look after Amo?
Where did his husband come from?
I didn't know that Mr. Shen was married
You go and find me seduction right now
Amo this bitch
Yes
Mrs. Shen's position can only be mine
Brother, my friend asked you on a business trip
OK
How about you?
Do you care?